Abaddon	:  Black and blue armor with spikes, long black cape, skull-shaped helmet with glowing eye，Tall and muscular, pale blue skin, glowing eyes, sharp fangs, riding a blue horse

Alchemist	: Clothing: Full-body gold and green armor, green hood, large metal shoulder pads, vials and tubes on the belt. Physical characteristics: Short and stocky, green skin, bald head, bushy green eyebrows, pointy ears.

Axe	: Heavy armor with spikes and chains, metal helmet with a single horn, fur-lined cape, (large battle axe:1.4), Muscular build, tall stature, glowing red eyes, red skin, sharp teeth, red hair.

Beastmaster	:Brown leather armor, fur-lined cloak, feathered headdress, carries a wooden staff and a boomerang， Muscular build, long hair and beard, covered in tribal tattoos, has a large scar on his chest, accompanied by a hawk and a wild boar.

Brewmaster:Traditional Chinese robes with a green and gold color scheme, carrying a large brew barrel on his back,Physical Characteristics: Short and stout figure, has three heads (one main and two smaller ones), each with its own personality and facial expression, carries a large wooden staff, appears to be perpetually drunk.

Bristleback:Clothing: Leather armor with spikes and chains, fur-lined collar, carries a small shield on his back and a large quill-covered mace
Physical Characteristics: Covered in spiky quills, muscular build, snout-like nose, constantly snorting and grunting, has a prominent mohawk of quills on his head.

Centaur Warrunner:Clothing: Metallic armor with green and gold accents, carries a large axe
Physical Characteristics: Half-man, half-horse hybrid, muscular humanoid upper body, brown fur covering his lower equine body, a pair of large curved horns on his head, glowing red eyes, and a large scar on his chest.

Chaos Knight:Clothing: Dark purple and gold armor with spikes and horns, carries a large sword and a shield
Physical Characteristics: Tall and muscular humanoid figure, jet black skin, glowing red eyes, long sharp horns on his head, and four muscular arms, each holding a weapon. His horse mount also has a similar appearance with glowing red eyes and fiery hooves.

Clockwerk:Clothing: Steam-powered mechanical armor, brown and bronze color scheme, carries a large wrench and a battery pack on his back
Physical Characteristics: Short and stout robotic figure, large metal helmet with a single eye-lens, glowing blue eyes, a set of gears and cogs visible on his body, a set of spinning blades attached to his right arm, and a set of rocket boosters on his back.

Doom: Dark red armor with spikes and horns, carrying a large sword
Physical Characteristics: Large and muscular demonic figure, red skin, large bat-like wings, large horns on his head, glowing yellow eyes, sharp claws, and hooves instead of feet. His mouth is constantly agape, and he has smoke emanating from his body.

Dragon Knight:Medieval-style armor with gold and red accents, carrying a large sword and a shield
Physical Characteristics: Large and muscular humanoid figure, covered in green scales with large wings, a horned helmet, and a long tail. His eyes and mouth emit fire.

Earth Spirit:Brown robes with stone-like armor pieces, carrying a large boulder
Physical Characteristics: Large and muscular rocky figure, bald head, glowing yellow eyes, and arms and legs made of stone. He has the ability to shape-shift into a boulder.

Earthshaker: Green and brown robes, carrying a large totem-like weapon
Physical Characteristics: Large and muscular humanoid figure, covered in rocky armor, has long white hair, and glowing blue eyes. He has the ability to cause earthquakes and fissures.

Elder Titan:Robes made of stone and metal, carrying a large totem-like weapon
Physical Characteristics: Large and muscular rocky figure, glowing blue eyes, and rocky armor. He has the ability to manipulate the earth and the sky.

Huskar:Tribal-style armor with red and gold accents, carrying a large spear
Physical Characteristics: Tall and muscular humanoid figure, covered in tribal tattoos, red skin, and fiery hair. He has the ability to sacrifice his own health to deal damage to enemies.

Io:Ethereal, glowing white orbs connected by energy tendrils
Physical Characteristics: Non-humanoid figure, resembling a floating ball of light, with a blue aura. Io can tether to other heroes to heal and provide them with a movement speed boost.

Kunkka:Pirate-style clothing with a blue and gold color scheme, carrying a large sword
Physical Characteristics: Muscular humanoid figure, short hair, and a beard, a scar over his right eye, and glowing blue eyes. Kunkka can summon a ghost ship to damage and stun enemies.

Legion Commander: Medieval-style armor with a red and gold color scheme, carrying a large sword
Physical Characteristics: Muscular humanoid figure, long hair, and glowing blue eyes. She has a winged companion named Prestor, 

Lifestealer:Heavy armor with spikes and chains, covered in blood, carrying a large weapon
Physical Characteristics: Muscular humanoid figure, red skin, sharp teeth, and glowing yellow eyes. He has the ability to feast on the flesh of his enemies to regain health.

Lycan:Fur-lined armor with a gray and gold color scheme, carrying a large axe
Physical Characteristics: Half-man, half-wolf hybrid, with muscular humanoid upper body and fur-covered lower body, a wolf-like head with glowing yellow eyes, and large sharp teeth. He has the ability to

Magnus: Viking-style armor with red and gold accents, carrying a large horned helmet and a massive hammer
Physical Characteristics: Large and muscular humanoid figure, glowing blue eyes, and short white hair. Magnus has the ability to manipulate magnetic fields.


Mars:Gladiator-style armor with red and gold accents, carrying a large spear and a shield
Physical Characteristics: Large and muscular humanoid figure, has a helmet with large red plumes, glowing blue eyes, and a stern expression. 

Night Stalker:Dark leather armor with a hood, carrying large curved blades, Muscular humanoid figure, covered in fur, with glowing yellow eyes and large bat-like wings. 

Omniknight:Medieval-style armor with a white and gold color scheme, carrying a large hammer and a shield,Muscular humanoid figure, bald head, and a full beard, glowing blue eyes, and white wings.

Phoenix:Clothing: Fiery, phoenix-like bird with a red and gold color scheme, Non-humanoid figure, resembling a bird made of fire, with glowing yellow eyes. 

Pudge:Butcher-style clothing covered in blood stains, (holding a large hook:1.4), full body, Large and obese humanoid figure, bald head, and a thick beard, with glowing red eyes. 

Sand King：Clothing: Sand-colored armor with gold，Large and muscular scorpion-like creature, with multiple legs, pincers, and a long tail. Sand King has a crown of horns on his head and glowing blue eyes.backgrand，sandstorm， desert

Slardar：1 fish monster, Heavy armor with a blue and gold color scheme, carrying a large trident
Physical Characteristics: Large and muscular humanoid figure, covered in blue scales, with glowing red eyes. 

Spirit Breaker:1 cow monster,
Heavy armor with spikes and chains, carrying a large mace
Physical Characteristics: Large and muscular humanoid figure, with a horned helmet, glowing blue eyes, and sharp teeth. 

Sven:Clothing: Medieval-style armor with a blue and gold color scheme, carrying a large sword
Physical Characteristics: Large and muscular humanoid figure, with a horned helmet, glowing blue eyes, and a beard. 

Tidehunter:

Timbersaw:Green and brown mechanical suit, carrying a chainsaw-like weapon,Short and stout humanoid figure, with goggles and a green mohawk. 

too hard to do？Tiny：1 stone, (body is stone made:1.4), holding a large tree,   (skin is made by rock:1.4)， (musle is made by rock:1.4),

Treant Protector：Made of leaves and vines, carrying a large wooden club，Tall and stout humanoid figure, covered in leaves and vines, with glowing green eyes. 

Tusk：Brown fur-lined armor with a wolf-like headpiece, carrying a large hammer， Tall and muscular humanoid figure, with glowing red eyes and sharp teeth. 

Underlord:Dark red and black armor, carrying a large halberd,Large and muscular humanoid figure, with horns on his head, glowing red eyes, and large bat-like wings. 

Undying： Tattered and torn clothing, carrying a large tombstone，Short and stout zombie-like humanoid figure, with a bald head and glowing green eyes.

Wraith King：Gold and red medieval-style armor, carrying a large sword， Large and muscular humanoid figure, with a skull face and glowing blue eyes. Wraith King has a crown of bones on his head and a cape made of ghostly green energy.

敏捷




wind ranger:Clothing: Green and brown hooded outfit, with leather armor and a quiver of arrows on her back, carrying a bow, 

Physical Characteristics: Tall and slender humanoid figure, with long red hair and a green bandana, green eyes, and pointed ears. Windranger has the ability to focus her aim and fire powerful shots from her bow, as well as to create a powerful gust of wind that damages and pushes back enemies.

Anti-Mage: Wearing a purple robe and armor, wielding two swords, and wearing a mask. He has a tall, thin build, blue eyes, and short hair.

Arc Warden:2man, twins, Wearing a blue mechanical suit.spaceman helmet, standing togeter，blue shiny arc， blue suit, darker blue suit

Bloodseeker: Bloodseeker: Wearing a brown robe and headband, wielding 2 daggers. He has a medium build, a ghostly face, and red eyes, eyes glowing red light，covered in blood, (drinking blood in the mouth：1.4), blood overflowing from the corner of the mouth, crazy

Bounty Hunter: Wearing green armor and wielding a curved sword. He has a tall build, sharp ears and teeth, and wears a green helmet.

Broodmother: Wearing a brown exoskeleton, with strong limbs and eight eyes. She has a large spider web on her back and can produce spider babies.

Clinkz: 1skeleton,Wearing silver armor, a cape, wielding a flaming bow. He is a thin, skeletal, (no skin:1.4), red eyes, (no musle:1.4), bones,

Drow Ranger: Wearing a black robe and armor, wielding a bow and arrow. She has a petite build, silver hair, and purple eyes,

Ember Spirit: Wearing a red coat and hood, wielding 2 flame swords. He has black hair and red eyes, a slender build, and wears red armor.

faceless void：Clothing: Dark blue and silver armor with glowing blue lines, carrying a large curved sword,Tall and slender humanoid figure, with featureless purple skin, no eyes, no nose, and a void-like energy emanating from his body. Void wears a featureless mask,no face, no hair, faceless

Gyrocopter: Wearing a silver mechanical suit and helmet, wielding a rocket launcher. He is a robot wearing silver armor with red eyes and black hair.

Juggernaut: Wearing red and gold samurai armor and a mask, wielding a samurai sword. He has a tall build, a golden ghost face, red eyes, and gold armor.

Lone Druid: Wearing a fur cloak and wielding a spear. He has a tall and muscular humanoid form with a bear head and claws.

Medusa: Wearing green armor, with snake hair, and wielding a snake bow. She has a green scaly skin, (snake hair:1.4), and a bow with snakes as the arrows.

Meepo: Wearing a blue suit, wielding a trident. He has a small stature and is a blue furry creature with a round nose.

Mirana: Wearing gold armor and helmet, wielding a bow and arrow. She has a tall and slender build, blonde hair, and gold eyes, riding a white tiger

Monkey King: Wearing gold armor and helmet, wielding a golden cudgel. He has a tall and muscular humanoid form with a monkey head and a long tail.

Morphling: Shapeshifting liquid creature, wearing blue and white armor.
Naga Siren: Wearing green armor and a crown, wielding a trident. She has a green scaly skin, a crown made of seashells, and a trident.
Nyx Assassin: Wearing black armor and helmet, wielding a dagger. He has a small and skinny build, a bug-like appearance, and black eyes.
Pangolier: Wearing a red coat and hood, wielding a longsword. He has a tall and slender build, wears a red hood, and carries a sword.
Phantom Assassin: Wearing purple armor and a mask, wielding a dagger. She has a tall and slender build, wears a purple mask, and has a hood on her armor.
Razor: Wearing red armor and helmet
